Research Assignment 3: 
Project: Tidal transformation of M33
Evolution of the internal stellar structure of M33

Marco Barragan
ASTR400B

Here I will outline the current notable issues and progress:
-DiskProfileMovie uses code from Collin (from his pdf on Slack) and 
 Lab 7 in order to save plots of the 2d profiles & contours and use 
 those PNG's to make a movie (with ffmpeg).

-DiskThickness uses Lab 7 code primarily to rotate the coordinates 
 to make them level with the plane of the galaxy. This code is made 
 to find the (average) thickness of M33 in order to plot those numbers 
 into a static thickness vs time plot 

-I am currently having issues with ffpmeg. I am still learning to use 
 it and will consult Collin if he has the time

-I want to make the mp4 movie that has a plot layout similar to Collin's 
 movie posted on Slack. I want 3 plots (face on, 2 edge on) and the empty 
 space with a dynamic snap id. I am currently having some difficulty adding 
 the contour, and with adding labels. But for now The plots are there and 
 are together.

-Finding the disk thickness is gonna be a bit more difficult. I am 
currently focusing on the mp4 first, and this after. But forseeable issues 
are boundaries, what to display, and how to calculate thickness.
---When looking at the plots for these galaxies we see that there are some 
   outliers. This sort of provides an issue with finding thickness. My solution 
   would be to find some sort of filter at a certain number of sigma and filter 
   out a good amount of outlier particles. This could possible make my values 
   smaller, but hopefully they will be dynamically accurate.
---The simplest way to display this would be to use the total average 
   thickness of the disk and plot it for each snap id. Another option would be 
   to plot another dynamic plot where we make bins for chunks of phi amgles and 
   plot the average thickness for quadrants. But I will worry about that after 
   I get the first idea down.
---If I am to use particles, my first idea to find H would be to find the 
   surface area of the upper and lowermost particles in the disk (which is why 
   sigmas would help) and finding the spacing between the two.

-I have another idea where I plot the maxima of disk radii (fitted into an ellipse 
 to and plot them per snap id to see the change in the ovaloid shape (rather than 
 just the particles.

